# Carter R. Tufts

1. Identify each entity (indicate if the entity is a weak entity) and its key attribute. 
Also,  identify  its  attributes.  Indicate  whether  an  attribute  is  composite,  multivalued,  or 
derived. 

    BANK        
        is a strong entity and has attributes Code(key, single-value), Name(single-value), Addr(single-value)
    BANK_BRANCH 
        is a weak   entity and has attributes Branch_no(key, single-value), Addr(single-value)
    ACCOUNT 
        is a strong entity and has attributes Acct_no(key, single value), Balance(single-value), Type(single-value)
    LOAN       
        is a strong entity and has attributes Loan_no(key, single_value), Amount(single-value), Type(single-value)
    CUSTOMER   
        is a strong entity and has attributes Ssn(key, single-value), Phone(single-value), Name(single-value), Addr(single-value)

2. For  each  relationship,  identify  the  cardinality  ratio  (one-to-one,  one-to-Many,  Many-to-
one, or Many-to-Many),  and describe the information it conveys, considering both sides 
of the relationship. 

 
3. For each  relationship, identify the participation constraints (total or partial participation) 
and describe the information it conveys, considering both sides of the relationship. 


4. Indicate  if  the  relationship  is  an  identifying  relationship  (i.e.,  a  relationship  of  a  weak 
entity). 



5. Indicate attribute(s) of a relationship, if any. 

    BRANCHES
        2. is one-to-Many, one BANK can have many BANK_BRANCHes and many BANK_BRANCHes can belong to one BANK
        3. this is partial participation, each branch must b elong to a bank, but not every bank needs to have a branch.
        4.   
    LOANS
        1. is one-to-Many, one BANK_BRANCH can distrbute many LOANs, and many LOANs can be owned by one BANK_BRANCH
    ACCTS
        1. is one-to-Many, one BANK_BRANCH can accomodate many ACCOUNTs, and many ACCOUNTs can be created with one BANK_BRANCH
    A_C 
        1. is Many-to-Many, one CUSTOMER can manage many ACCOUNTs, and one ACCOUNT can be managed by many CUSTOMERs
    L_C
        1. is Many-to_Many, one CUTOMER can take out or pay on many LOANs, one LOAN can be managed or payed by many CUSTOMERs
 
 
